It's not good to follow you
demotion
Go back and reflect on it for me
Thank you ma'am
Go away
Yes, yes!
Miss Cao can't be fired.
I beg you not to fire me, okay?
If the people out there are experts on my team
Then I'm very tempting
Tell your mother to apologize to me
I'll go and apologize
Sorry.
Sorry brother
Please help us, Miss Tang, make a wish
All right.
Brother, I was wrong.
Brother, wait for me to meet brother.
I was wrong, look, I apologize to you.
Did you hear that Miss Tang let me go this time?
Mom, it's not easy to give birth to you and raise you
But what did you do to her?
You ask me to forgive you now
Some mistakes can be forgiven
Some mistakes are unforgivable
Brother, don't you like Chen Feifei?
I'll give it to you
As long as you let Miss Tang let me go this time
Don't fire me
I will do whatever you ask me to do
I've never seen someone as shameless as you
Their own women beat them with their hands
No.
Mother, you bastard, get out
From Now On
Don't make it hard for me to see you two again
He doesn't want you.
You can't fire me
In your words
You and I are not of the same class
You are just a wage earner in Tangjiang
Why can't I be fired?
Why is there a backstage?
The three major families